updated MASTG-TEST-0272 and Demo-0050 (#3322)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-DEMO-0050/MASTG-DEMO-0050.md

### Observation

> The scan has identified 303 unique dependencies with 4 vulnerable dependencies and 5 vulnerabilities (as more vulnerabilities might be found over time this number might increase). There are 57 vulnerabilities suppressed, if you have used the `suppress.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scan identified 303 unique dependencies, four of which are vulnerable, as well as five vulnerabilities. More vulnerabilities may be found over time, so this number may increase. If you have used the `suppress.xml` file, there are 57 suppressed vulnerabilities.
```
